Scrum Meeting Logs:

Monday, September 16th, 2019 - The first Sprint Planning Meeting

As a team, we spent time creating a possible CRC model for our project, comprising of both front-end and back-end logistics.
We began by reading through the general description of the project requirements, outlined in section 2, “The X game system”. We recorded all of the nouns and verbs in the description, then we removed synonymous words. After that, we began the process of creating classes out of the list of nouns, and adding verbs as responsibilities.
This lead to different discussions about the functionality of each class, and how we wanted the system as a whole to interact with each other. This included functionality between the front-end and the back-end of the system. Although we did talk a lot about specific implementation, most of the discussion helped clarify ambiguous topics and come to an agreement as a development team. For example, the team needed to clarify the definition of our “Platform” class, and after some discussion, we agreed to separate the entire platform classes into the different classes for the front-end. We found that some nouns in the description would work better as attributes of different classes, rather than the classes themselves. For example, “email”, “password”, and “nick-name” could all be attributes that could be found in a “Profile” class.


Tuesday, September 17th, 2019 - The second Sprint Planning Meeting

This meeting was a continuation of the previous meeting, and a brief discussion about the potential layout of the front-end of the site. We created rough sketches of possible UI design, and how we wanted the front-end to function in general.
We also briefly discussed the CRC cards again, committing to the different classes on the cards.


Thursday, September 19th, 2019 - The third Sprint Planning Meeting

This meeting continued the discussion of the layout of the front-end. With 4 of the 5 members present at the meeting, we continued brainstorming ideas for layouts and began creating tasks in our Github repository.
We first finalized our design for our front-end. The final design includes tabs for major sections of the website(for example, the Profile page and Game History page), and consistent header that will allow a user to navigate to the home page and log-out at all times. In addition, we agreed on a “Welcome Page” to introduce users to the website, and allow users to register or log-in. 
We began to write User Story/Epics, and breaking down a few of those epics into tasks. We also voted on the complexity of some tasks using planning poker.


Tuesday, September 24th, 2019 - Sprint Review/Retrospective with Dr. Moreno

During the team’s meeting with Dr. Moreno, we discussed our misinterpretations and misunderstandings about writing user stories and splitting those stories into tasks. After some helpful clarification and guidance, the group was able to make a plan to re-create the epics into more appropriate user stories.
Dr. Moreno also provided some priorities for the team to accomplish in sprints moving forward. In general, the team needs to focus on creating the registration and log-in process for users, and creating a working implementation of the Jungle game. User stories associated with these features are the most important for new and returning users of our system, and a few of the main focuses of the term project as a whole.
In addition, the team obtained a better understanding of the expectations for deliverables for the first sprint. 


Wednesday, September 25th, 2019 - Recreation of User Stories and CRC cards(Sprint Retrospective)

For another portion of this Sprint’s Retrospective, the team gathered to rewrite inadequate User Stories and tasks. We also agreed to creating User Stories and tasks in a similar format, with new labels, in our Github repository. For example, we changed the “Create a New Game” epic we made before into documentation, and wrote a new User Story: “Play Jungle”. With that, we removed the technical descriptions we provided before, and made a new description written from the perspective of a user: “As a user, I want to play the Jungle board game.”.
In addition, we also prioritized all of the new User Stories according to the specifications provided by Dr. Moreno. We added a new label to the stories, to prioritize them from 1(highest) to 5(lowest).
In general, the team created a consistent system for future sprints, that follows proper Agile principles. This way, we can have an organized approach to any new tasks and User Stories that are added to our backlog.


Thursday, September 26th, 2019 - Stand-up

	For our final team meeting, we had a stand-up for the team, to review the final adjustments of the CRC cards and UML diagram. We were able to discuss the differences of the two diagrams made, and come to an agreement on the current model for the system. In addition, some other team members began work on the final deliverables for this first sprint.
With this knowledge, we agreed to split up the final work for the weekend, with some members writing up the diagrams in the proper format, and others working on the final deliverables.
